add security recommendations (#271)
hubverse-org/hubDocs: docs/source/developer/security.md

---
CodeQL configuration settings can be edited by clicking on the three dots to the right of "CodeQL analysis" and selecting "View CodeQL configuration"
```

When you click on the configuration, you will see a summary of the current
configuration with a button at the bottom that will allow you to edit the
configuration.

```{figure} ../images/codeql-config-edit.png
---
width: 50%
figclass: margin-caption
alt: GitHub screenshot showing the CodeQL configuration having the default setup
name: code-scanning-fig
---
```

When you click that button, you can select the recommended extended security suite

```{figure} ../images/codeql-config-extend.png
---
figclass: margin-caption
alt: GitHub screenshot showing the CodeQL configuration having the default setup
name: code-scanning-fig
---
```

Once you set this, you will get additional alerts for third-party actions that
do not pin actions to SHA. This is important because it allows you to configure
dependabot to automatically open pull requests to update actions that have
security vulnerabilities.

(security-dependabot)=
### Dependabot Setup

Dependabot is a GitHub app that responds to security alerts by opening pull

> requests that update dependencies in your github workflows. You can set this

Reviewer: Dependabot's default behavior is to flag potential security vulnerabilities introduced by a project's dependencies. You can also be more proactive by configuring Dependabot to submit pull requests as new versions of project dependencies become available. Regular dependency updates reduces the likelihood of actual vulnerabilities.  You can set this

Author: I assume you meant to submit this as a suggestion

```suggestion
Dependabot's default behavior is to flag potential security vulnerabilities introduced by a project's dependencies. You can also be more proactive by configuring Dependabot to submit pull requests as new versions of project dependencies become available. Regular dependency updates reduces the likelihood of actual vulnerabilities. You can set this
```

Author: I edited the comment above to make it a suggestion.

up by adding a `.github/dependabot.yml` file to your repository.

> You should set up dependabot for any ecosystem you use (e.g. Python and JavaScript),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should set up dependabot for any [ecosystem](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/code-security/dependabot/ecosystems-supported-by-dependabot/supported-ecosystems-and-repositories#supported-ecosystems-and-repositories) you use (e.g. Python and JavaScript),You should set up dependabot for any ecosystem you use (e.g. Python and JavaScript),
```
